Deprecate config item `max-memory` and add items `server-memory-quota` and `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` (#4333)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Default value: `0`
- The default `0` indicates using all the CPUs on the machine. You can also set it to n, and then TiDB uses n CPUs.

### `server-memory-quota`

> **Warning:**
>
> `server-memory-quota` is still an experimental feature. It is **NOT** recommended that you use it in a production environment.

> + The memory usage limit of tidb-server instances. <!-- As of TiDB v5.0 --> This configuration item completely replaces the original [`max-memory`](https://docs.pingcap.com/zh/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#max-memory).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The memory usage limit of tidb-server instances. <!-- New in TiDB v5.0 --> This configuration item completely supercedes the previous [`max-memory`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#max-memory).
```

> + Default value: `0` (in bytes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `0` (in bytes), which means no memory limit.
```

### `memory-usage-alarm-ratio`

> + TiDB triggers an alarm when the memory usage of tidb-server instance exceeds a certain threshold. The valid value for this configuration item ranges from `0` to `1`. If it is configured as `0` or `1`, then the memory threshold alarm feature is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ TiDB triggers an alarm when the memory usage of tidb-server instance exceeds a certain threshold. The valid value for this configuration item ranges from `0` to `1`. If it is configured as `0` or `1`, this alarm feature is disabled.
```

+ Default value: `0.8`

> + When the memory usage alarm is enabled, if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is not set, then the threshold of memory usage equals the value of `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` times the system memory size; if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is set to greater than 0, then the threshold of memory usage equals the value of `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` times the value of `server-memory-quota`.

Reviewer: When `time` means `乘以`, it is used as a verb.
```suggestion
+ When the memory usage alarm is enabled, if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is not set, then the threshold of memory usage is ``` the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the system memory size ```; if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is set to a value greater than 0, then the threshold of memory usage is ``` the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the `server-memory-quota` value ```.
```

> + When the memory usage alarm is enabled, if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is not set, then the threshold of memory usage is ``` the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the system memory size ```; if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is set to a value greater than 0, then the threshold of memory usage is ``` the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the `server-memory-quota` value ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When the memory usage alarm is enabled, if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is not set, then the threshold of memory usage is ```the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the system memory size```; if [`server-memory-quota`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#server-memory-quota) is set to a value greater than 0, then the threshold of memory usage is ```the `memory-usage-alarm-ratio` value * the `server-memory-quota` value```.
```

> + When TiDB detects that the memory usage of the tidb-server exceeds the threshold, it considers that there might be a risk of OOM. Therefore, it records 10 SQL statements with the highest memory usage, 10 SQL statements with the longest running time, and the heap profile among all SQL statements currently being executed to the directory [`tmp-storage-path/record`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#tmp-storage-path) and outputs a log containing the keyword `tidb-server has the risk of OOM`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ When TiDB detects that the memory usage of the tidb-server instance exceeds the threshold, it considers that there might be a risk of OOM. Therefore, it records ten SQL statements with the highest memory usage, ten SQL statements with the longest running time, and the heap profile among all SQL statements currently being executed to the directory [`tmp-storage-path/record`](/tidb-configuration-file.md#tmp-storage-path) and outputs a log containing the keyword `tidb-server has the risk of OOM`.
```
